So in S-5 and before that the way that property enumeration used to work is they would just leave it
up to the engine vendors.
The javascript engine vendors that is now inside of iOS 6 and beyond iOS 6 they strictly define rules
for how property should be returned whenever they're enumerated.
So this affects things like Get own property names and also things like refl. doc keys and so I'll give
you an example it's make an object and we're just going to get crazy with the order so we'll do 0 which
is zero.
And then we'll do like a like a C which will b c do like one which will be one and then we'll do let's
say a which will be a.
And will do to be two and then we'll do B which will b b and we'll get a little crazy we'll do with
three which will be a three.
And then after that we're going to get real wacky and we're going to do.
We're going to add another property.
We'll do d.
In this case.
Then after that we can just cancel it out log object Dogget own property Nam's Where is that.
There it is.
And I'll just add RBJ.
Now obviously whenever it prints this out it's going to return in a race or we're going to smash this
array into a string just because we can.
And now you can see it returns these property names in order.
First we have the numbers which as the first rule says they're going to be in ascending order so it
will be 0 1 2 3.
Then after that all of the string Keys are going to be added or are going to be returned in the order
in which they were added.
So in this case it would be C A B.
And then lastly I added D.
And so that's why it's in that order it's going to be in the order that I specify in the object and
the order in which I add them to my object.
So obviously this makes it a lot better whenever you're doing things like returning your property names
and it makes it a lot more predictable.
However things like for example the for in loop and other things like it.
Jay Sondos string of phi is another good example right here.
String of phi.
Unfortunately as of right now these still can be unpredictable and they depend from javascript engine
to javascript engine but luckily this is a pretty interesting change because there are programs that
rely on how the enumeration of the order of the object comes out.